# Jonathon Lee
# Class 201
# Read 14b

### Team Work
Google was trying to figure out what made good team succeed. They started a research program called Aristotle. This program studied various groups at google. For a while they couldn't find a pattern that made one team better than another. Some teams had strong 1 strong leader. Other teams were made up of leadership that was more wide spread. Some teams were more outgoing than others. There were teams that were more strict and others that were more loose. Nothing seemed to point to a pattern. 
After continuing their research they finally found a clue. All of the successful and productive teams seemed to lift their members up. They allowed each other equal time for speaking their opinions. They allowed each other to feel safe to express ideas without fear of ridicule. 
There was a manager who was new to google. He had to find a way to bring the team together. There seemed to be a bit of separation amongst each of them. One day he decided to be open with the team about his personal life. . Unbeknownst to them, he had been dealing with cancer for quite sometime. The cancer was spreading to his spine. Nobody even had a clue what he was dealing with. In my opinion that was a smart move on his part. It helped everyone know that he trusted them enough to open up and it also helped them understand him a bit more. Maybe it also helped his team care about him in a different way. Furthermore, what resulted was an opening of the flood gates. People started feeling safe around each other. I assume that if one person sees another open up it shows them that there is safety, and they can let their guard down. 
What I got from this is that we need to give each other a level playing field. That way we can find our role. We can feel involved and part of the team. We won't feel pushed aside and useless. We are less likely to feel bitterness. Also we can deal with solutions quicker. The faster we allow people to speak their minds, the faster we allow them to feel free, and able to thrive in the team.